Hi,

Firstly I want to say a **big** thank you from the Exercism team for signing up to be a mentor. Two years ago we decided to apply the learnings and lessons from 4 years of seeing Exercism grow organically and design the product "properly" from the ground up. One of the key decisions that came out of this redesign process was that we felt Exercism should move from a community-based mentoring model to a more formally-structured one, where we could develop a team of mentors that could give high-quality, empathetic and thoughtful feedback. You are one of the first guinea pigs in this massive change and we are incredibly grateful for you taking that journey with us.

After two years of thinking, writing and coding, we are now closing in on launching the new Exercism site. We have a [beta version](https://v2.exercism.io/) which we update periodically and a (manageable) number of blocking issues that we are working through. We are targeting launch on or close to 9th July. We currently have 1,000 submissions per day on the [original Exercism site](http://exercism.io), of which fewer than 20% receive feedback. Our key launch-targets are to not decrease the number of submissions per day (ie, not have made it harder for people to use Exercism) and to achieve >95% feedback-rate. Presuming mentors can offer 1hr/week on average, we have calculated how many mentors we need to achieve this on [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1M3K03UIkgfPV3-WWFprX-eBFoZ6mMdoLTtqhRNG3N3k/edit#gid=0).

We care deeply about having a mentor team that is diverse in their skills, knowledge, styles and representation, and are working hard to achieve this by reaching out to different communities and circles in tech. When we find mentors we also hope that they can deepen the team. Based on the premise that friendly mentors hang-out with other friendly potential-mentors, if everyone was able to recruit two friends, that would greatly help us have enough mentors for launch. The spreadsheet above shows the key areas where we are weak. Python, Rust, Java, Haskell, Kotlin, Swift, Closure and C are the areas where we especially weak right now. Your help would be massively appreciated!

In preparation for the big launch, there are a few things you can do to make sure we have a smooth start:
- Sign up to our Slack room. You should have received an invitation. If you haven't, please let me know.
- Join the track-specific channels (e.g. track-ruby) for the language tracks you want to mentor.
- Read the [Code Review](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/master/about/conception/code-review.md) document that explains why we decided to move to a formal mentoring model.
- Push any friends who you think would make good mentors to http://mentoring.exercism.io/
- Try out the first 5-10 exercises from each track you have chosen to mentor on the [original Exercism site](http://exercism.io/).

In the next two weeks we will be launching a mentors-specific-version of the new site where you can try out the mentorship tools by mentoring other mentors. We will also create a mechanism for you to send us your photos/bios to appear around the Exercism site. We will be in touch again then. In the meantime, see you on Slack, and thank you again!

Jeremy and the Exercism team.
