Hey,

The mentors testing site is now live for you to use!

This site is a version of the new Exercism, exclusive for mentors, where you can learn the exercises, explore the mentoring interface and practice your mentoring skills. It's also an opportunity to highlight any bugs or issues that that you find.

- The website is here: https://mentors-beta.exercism.io/
- Learn how to download and use the CLI here: https://exercism-mentors.slack.com/archives/CAQP7JL3T/p1529683167000115?thread_ts=1529683065.000711&cid=CAQP7JL3T

**Please read these things carefully:**

- Forget about v2.exercism.io and the nextercism CLI for this phase. This is a different sandbox.

- Please only sign up using GitHub Oauth for now as emails are turned off so you won't be able to confirm and get in that way. If you don't have a GitHub account you can message me on Slack and I'll sort something out for you.

- To make this testing-phase work, we need you to submit solutions so you other methods have something to give feedback on! Feel free to submit solutions in your mentor-languages or on different language that you want to learn.

- You will become a mentor of any track you join (this is because I've not had time to do the Slack integration yet).

- This is an empty db. Old solutions won't be there. You can of course submit an old solution through the CLI if you want to. Instructions are here: https://exercism-mentors.slack.com/archives/CAQP7JL3T/p1529612222000221?thread_ts=1529612208.000076&cid=CAQP7JL3T

- If you find anything that's broken, please report it at https://github.com/exercism/v2-feedback/issues

- While building better tools for mentors is high on our roadmap, we're actively not asking for feature requests at this time, unless they're something you consider critical. Once we've launched and got everything working well, then we'll start exploring next steps with you :)

- Feel free to bounce any questions on Slack in either the #questions channel (for more formal questions) or #chat if you want to discuss things.

We're really excited to see you all on there soon!

Thanks,

Jeremy and the Exercism team
