Hi ,

Wow - what a first week! If you've been active in mentoring, please accept our huge gratitude. The mentors have done a brilliant job in keeping up with the level of submissions we've been having, especially ensuring that the "core" solutions which block users are promptly mentored :)

If you've only just joined as a mentor or haven't managed to get set up yet, you can find the starting instructions here: https://exercism-mentors.slack.com/archives/CBDA9LMDF/p1529968977000336

In the background we've been working hard to fix bugs, add some new features, and triage the 250(!) issues that have been opened. There are still some pretty urgent issues we're working through, but once everything has settled, our next phase of development will be focused on improvements to the mentoring experience. If you have thoughts or opinions on things we should add, please comment on the existing issues or open a new one at https://github.com/exercism/exercism.io.

Slack has also been brilliant since launch. Some great conversations - especially in the track-specific channel. If you've not been using it, please do check it out. We created a channel today where we're posting some of the lovely feedback we're receiving. It's worth checking out Slack just for that :) https://exercism-mentors.slack.com/archives/CBWDVPECE/p1532342509000228

Some stats for you:
- The community have submitted 11,369 solutions with a total of 277,786 lines of code.
- You and our other mentors have helped 5,177 learners, posting a total of 6,609 comments.
- Over 3,026 new members have joined Exercism and over 3,000 of our existing members have checked out the new site. All without any publicity other than word-of-mouth.
- We've helped people from 134 different countries.

I hope you're enjoying mentoring and finding that you're learning lots from it too. Thanks again for all your hard work!

Jeremy and the Exercism Team
