Hey mentors,

Since we launched the new version of Exercism three weeks ago nearly 3,000 learners have received mentoring on over 8,500 solutions, receiving 15,982 pieces of feedback. We think that's pretty incredible. Thank you to everyone that's made that possible!

All of this is even more amazing considering that only 1/3 of the people who have signed up to mentor have actually started mentoring. We currently have 500 mentors sitting in the wings waiting to give feedback on their first solution. So far we've generally kept up well with the backlog of exercises, but we've been relying on quite a few star mentors who have been giving feedback on over 100 solutions per week. This isn't sustainable and so we really need those who have signed up to mentor to get started to even our the load for everyone.

If you're haven't started mentoring, can I please encourage you to do so. It's quick and easy to get started, and once you get going you'll find it strangely addictive! The instructions are here on our Slack Room here: https://exercism-team.slack.com/archives/CBDA9LMDF/p1529968977000336  - if you have any questions or problems please post a message on #chat on Slack and someone will reply. If you can't get onto Slack, just reply to this and I'll help you out. Also, if you've decided you don't want to be involved, please can you reply and let me know that too, so that we can try and recruit someone to take your place.

Mentoring on Exercism is proving to be interesting, fun, and intellectually rewarding. There are numerous conversations on Slack about how even the most senior developers are learning new tips and tricks and seeing different approaches to solving problems. We really believe that mentoring will be rewarding for everyone involved. Come and give it a go :)

Thanks,
Jeremy and the Exercism team
